README.md, before:

# Politecnico di Milano - Progetto Reti Logiche 2021-2022

## Test Generator

written in python3

### How to install

To install dependencies

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt 
```

or

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt 
```

depending on system installation

### How to generate tests

```bash
python3 generator.py
```

or

```bash
python generator.py
```

depending on system installation

```txt
Usage: generator.py [OPTIONS]

Options:
  --size INTEGER   Number of tests to generate  [default: 100]
  --limit INTEGER  Maximum input stream lenght size  [default: 128]
  --help           Show this message and exit.
```

```test_values.txt``` will contain all details about every single generated test, for debugging.
```ram_content.txt``` is the file that will be read by Vivado to load the ram values

Example:

```sh
python generator.py --size 1000 --limit 16
```

### How to import in Vivado

You can directly import the ```gen_testbench_reset.vhd``` (or ```gen_testbench_no_reset.vhd```) file as source in Vivado, then modify this file to match the folder containing the generated ram files. Instruction on how to modify it are included in the .vhd file itself.


### Credits
Based on work of RL-generator-2020-21 by [Davide Merli](https://github.com/davidemerli/RL-generator-2020-2021)

Pretty print function by [Daniele Locatelli](https://github.com/locadani)

Importing RAM from outside feature by [Davide Mornatta](https://github.com/davidemornatta)

Original testbench code by [Mark Zampedroni](https://github.com/Mark-Zampedroni) [here](https://github.com/Mark-Zampedroni/multi-TB-progetto-Reti-PoliMi)

Commit message:

Updated README and removed `testbench` with reset
Given the specification it would be incorrect to reset the circuit at
each test, and it could confuse users.

The length of the input can also be 0. Also check limit value

README.md, after:

# Politecnico di Milano - Progetto Reti Logiche 2021-2022

### How to install

First clone this repo, then:

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

or

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### How to generate tests

```txt
Usage: generator.py [OPTIONS]

Options:
  --size INTEGER   Number of tests to generate  [default: 100]
  --limit INTEGER  Maximum input stream size  [default: 255]
  --help           Show this message and exit.
```

To generate tests run:

```bash
python3 generator.py
```

or

```bash
python generator.py
```

Example:

```sh
python generator.py --size 1000
```

#### Output

1. `test_values.txt`: human readable file containing the generated tests
2. `ram_content.txt`: file used by the Vivado testbench. It contains both the values loaded in RAM before testing your circuit, and the values that it checks after your circuit has finished processing.

### How to use in Vivado

1. Import `gen_testbench_no_reset.vhd` file in Vivado
2. Update the file with the correct file paths for `ram_content.txt`, `non_passati.txt` and `passati.txt`
3. Run the simulation using `gen_testbench_no_reset.vhd` as testbench
4. After the simulation ends, check `non_passati.txt` and `passati.txt` for the results

### Credits

Based on work of RL-generator-2020-21 by [Davide Merli](https://github.com/davidemerli/RL-generator-2020-2021)

Pretty print function by [Daniele Locatelli](https://github.com/locadani)

Importing RAM from outside feature by [Davide Mornatta](https://github.com/davidemornatta)

Original testbench code by [Mark Zampedroni](https://github.com/Mark-Zampedroni) [here](https://github.com/Mark-Zampedroni/multi-TB-progetto-Reti-PoliMi)
